Brother Chen, don't force me
If you really abandon me
I can only die with you
Don't tell me, take it for me
Bastard, you came just in time
Bastard, how dare you hit me?
You broke Ah Chen's arm.
Come and save him now
Get out of here! Stop it
Brother Chen, you said
Do you know that I'm like a shrew in my heart?
You go back and calm down first
Let's talk about the divorce
Come closer or I'll call the police
Brother Chen must have been killed by that bastard
Dazed
As long as I can debunk that bastard liar's identity
Brother Chen will love me as much as ever
Hello, help me find out Mr. Sha's address immediately
What!
He's in the presidential suite at this hotel
Please inform Mr. Chen.
I have something very important to tell you